# CPAP
CPAP or Continuous Positive Airway Pressure is a ventilator that used to treat the patients with sleep disorder diseases such as sleep apnea/hypopnea. It delivers the air continuously as its name suggest such that the collapse airway is forced to clear up normally allowing the patient to breath and receive sufficient oxygen at night.

## AHI
AHI or Apnea Hypopnea Index is an indicating index for how severe the patient symptom is. AHI is calculated by averaging the total number of apnea/hypopnea events with the total sleep time which would yield Apnea Hypopnea events per hour. AHI is important as it is used to set the air pressure of CPAP machine to counter the collapsing condition of the patient airway. Lower pressure would not help the patient and Higher pressure result in patient sleep unconfortably which would further reduced the patient's quality of life.

## Drawback
By using AHI we could determine how severe the patient is by further classify them into mild(5-15 events/hour), moderate(15-30 events/hour) and severe(> 30 events/hour) by using the events/hour as an indicating factor. However, misclassification of severity could still occur as events occurrence could still varied in each hour. For example, Patient A has sleep apnea occured 4 times per hour, consistently, for an entire 8 hour sleep. After calculating, AHI would be 3 and he would be classified as a mild symptom patient. In another case, Patient B who has sleep apnea occurred 32 times between 2nd and 3rd hour of his/her 8 hours sleep and there is no more occuring afterward. After calculating AHI via traditional method, AHI of Patient B is equal to that of Patient A which,in this case, is 4 such that they would identify as mild when, in reality, the symptom of Patient B should be classified as severe. 

